Update Custom Event Naming paragraph (#5429)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/index.md

Google Analytics 4 does not accept custom event names that include spaces. Segment replaces spaces in the Event Name in the Custom Event action with an underscore. As a result, you will see custom events snake cased in Google Analytics 4.

> Event names are case-sensitive in Google Analytics 4. If you would like all event names to be lowercase, use the **Lowercase Event Name** setting when you create a Custom Event mapping and select `Yes` from the dropdown. If this setting is set to `No` (i.e. `false`), Google will treat event names with different casing as distinct events. For more information, see [Google Analytics 4 Event name rules](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/13316687?hl=en&ref_topic=13367860&sjid=2167389739796023681-NA#zippy=%2Cweb){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event names are case-sensitive in Google Analytics 4. If you would like all event names to be lowercase, use the **Lowercase Event Name** setting when you create a Custom Event mapping and select `Yes` from the dropdown. If this setting is set to `No` (`false`), Google treats event names with different casing as distinct events. For more information, see [Google Analytics 4 Event name rules](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/13316687?hl=en&ref_topic=13367860&sjid=2167389739796023681-NA#zippy=%2Cweb){:target="_blank"}.
```
